What is it isn't welcome back in this video I'm going to show you that Howard domain name.
Look.
So this is the domain name that we registered.
And this is how it is looking.
OK.
So now in this video we're going to be installing WordPress in it.
So let's get started.
So how I'm when to log in to see is that I have two right here.
I didn't do a lot and then slash and see mantle.
So it's going to redirect me to see panel account.
OK.
And then I have to enter my username and I also have to enter my password to I'm going to copy my password
for the meal.
Let's go here and let's see where it is.
So this is the one the housekeeper info.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to copy this password.
I'm just going to change this bad password right now.
So Dad I know what my password is.
OK.
I'm just going to log in and it's going to log me into my battle.
So this is basically the thing where all your Web site is control.
You can control your website completely from here and there is no note needed.
You don't have to log into your account because everything is done.
You just have to enter the main server from here and that's it.
You can close this.
And now you can manage your site completely from here.
This is basically your control battle.
OK.
So what we want is the we need to change our password for this host get our control back.
What I'm going to do I'm going to go down.
And here we go.
We haven't password and security
are to go.
And I need to pass the password.
And now they have to enter the password that is new.
So the password would be
OK.
The new password would be again here.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to change your password now.
So here you go.
You can see that it has logged me.
It has locked me out.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to enter this and now I'm going to enter the password again.
Harry go.
He can see that I am now in the sea battle and my password is change.
So basically what we want to do right here is that we need to install a word press onto say so that
if we open our website like this OK if I just open up and Ziel dot com.
And here should be the Word Press.
Vundo appearing.
OK.
So what I want to do here.
I just want to go ahead.
I want to go to build a new word press.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit this.
You can also click here directly or you can go to the VBS site essentials and then site builder and
see a mass.
And then here would be a section that that that that would say that install WordPress so you can click
that as well.
OK so I want to select my domain name so here should be all your domain names that are in your hosting
file.
So I'm just going to select my one domain name.
This is the one I'm going to go head I'm going to choose the directory I want this to be the normal
turkey or the root directory or I want to install WordPress on my main page so I don't want to install
it any of that in any of that territory.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to hit next in the title I have to enter the title and I can write
any have the title so I can add title to be like my name
ok and username should be this the first name
and the last name.
OK and now we have to enter the Edmon e-mail address so the email address does.
OK.
Here it is automatically create a new database for this installation.
You have to check this.
And then you have to check this as well as Terms of Service agreement.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to check this.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit install.
And you can see that word press is being installed on Medicaid.
And now what it will be done I have just come here and then I have to refresh my say and then you're
going to see how it's going to look.
OK.
So let's go ahead and you can see that it says installation is complete.
I'm going to go and I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit this refresh this.
And now you're going to see the word Press is now installed on my website and you can see it it's just
another word processor.
If I go down here is Mahoudeau say now I want to log into my Word Press about and I have to change my
password to the normal password that I want to use.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit this and I'm going to hit double
speed ash admen.
OK.
It's going to log me into my admin panel.
So you have to enter your domain name and then you have to enter W.P. dash admen remember wanting your
domain name slash.
See battle is going to take you to your seat Bennell and your domain name slash W.P. dash admin is going
to take you to WordPress admin panel where you can manage a WordPress website.
OK so you can manage your website completely.
You can manage your e-mails and stuff.
And here you can manage your WordPress website your Wordpress stuff here.
So let's go ahead let's just hit enter and it's going to take a to the word press and man page.
So let's wait and here you go.
You can see that this is a word Pyrus Edmon panel.
We have to enter this user name here and we have to copy this password Let's enter this username.
Let's paste the password.
Let's go ahead and let's get log in.
So Harry go.
You can see that we are now taken to our WordPress dashboard.
You can see Ram.
Now here it is.
Welcome to WordPress.
What kind of site can we help you set up so you don't have to choose anything here you just have to
hit.
I don't need help because I am here to help you.
OK let's just say it.
And here we go.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go head I'm going to close this.
And the first thing what you have to do is that you have to just go to the plug ins just go to install
plugins OK.
Just go to install plugins and let's go down.
And here you can see that the blue line scum's.
So in virtue of the plug in that blue lens you have to check this.
Check this.
Check this and check this.
And what you're having Do you have to go to the bulk actions you have just said de-activate and then
you have to apply.
OK.
So when everything is applied what do you have to select all and then go ahead and delete every plug
in.
Let's go ahead and apply.
OK.
Let's go ahead and lotted.
So you can see that every plug in is going to be deleted.
And of say it would be fully fresh.
These were the plug ins that were basically fully installed by word press.
And how was Twitter.
So we don't need these plug ins.
I'm going to show you each and everything from A to Z.
OK.
So now you can see that this is how our dashboard is looking.
Now the second thing what we have to do is that we need to go and change your password so you can see
where it takes your name.
You have to just go to Edit and edit my profile and then you have to go down red tape generate password.
You have to just sit there and then you have to enter your own name and password.
And that is going to be OK what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit update profile.
And there we go.
You can see their profile has been updated.
You can save your password if you want to.
And you can see that this is my whole website which is running wide press completely.
So thanks all guys for watching this.
In the next video we're going to learn more.
Goodbye.